gh-113299: Move Argument Clinic CLI into libclinic (#115542)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tools-Demos/2024-02-16-00-33-14.gh-issue-113299.lqPMAV.rst

The Argument Clinic CLI is now invoked as either :program:`python3
Tools/clinic` or :program:`python3 Tools/clinic/run_clinic.py`, as

> :file:`Tools/clinic/clinic.py` has been refactored into ``libclinic``.

Reviewer: The NEWS entry is outdated, there is no ``__main__.py`` script.

Author: Ohh, thanks; the NEWS entry was not part of the commit I reverted. Good catch.

> The Argument Clinic CLI is now invoked as either :program:`python3
> Tools/clinic` or :program:`python3 Tools/clinic/run_clinic.py`, as
> :file:`Tools/clinic/clinic.py` has been refactored into ``libclinic``.

Author: ```suggestion
The Argument Clinic CLI is now invoked as
:program:`python3 Tools/clinic/run_clinic.py`,
since :file:`Tools/clinic/clinic.py` has been refactored into ``libclinic``.
```

Reviewer: Yep, I like this NEWS entry.
